OpenTelemetry filter processor (#16558)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/01-overview/main-areas/telemetry/telemetry-03-traces.md

- An unavailability of a destination must be survived for 5 minutes without direct loss of trace data
- An average span consists of 40 attributes with 64 character length

> The trace collector setup is configured filter out following traces and spans:
> - `/healtz` endpoint of any component deployed on `kyma-system` namespace
> - `/metrics` endpoint of any component deployed on `kyma-system namespace
> - All traces generated from Grafana and Jaeger deployments
> - All traces in reference to `fluent-bit` and `loki` communication 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
System related spans reported by Istio will be filtered out without option to opt-out, especially the following:
- `/healtz` endpoint of any component deployed on `kyma-system` namespace
- `/metrics` endpoint of any component deployed on `kyma-system` namespace
- All outgoing spans reported by Grafana and Jaeger
- All spans in reference to `fluent-bit` and `loki` communication 
```

Can you please move it into a dedicated subpoint with a title like: System span filtering
